$Id: UPGRADE.txt,v 1.1.2.1 2009/01/22 03:07:36 syscrusher Exp $

The Links Package contains several scripts that can help you upgrade from
legacy modules. If your favorite legacy module should be supported and
isn't, contributed update scripts are welcome. Please create new scripts
rather than adding additional modules to the existing ones, as the desire
is to keep these as simple as possible.


GENERAL UPGRADE PROCEDURE:

1. Use Drupal's own upgrade process to convert to Drupal 4.7.x. Don't worry
   that the URLs appear to be missing. They are stored in a table separate
   from the basic nodes, and will be migrated to the new {links_node} table
   by this script.

2. Decide which script(s) you need based on the instructions that follow.
   Copy the script(s) to the top-level directory of your Drupal site.

3. Login to your site as the administrative user.

4. Manually type the URL to the upgrade script you wish to run. These scripts
   are independent of one another, so if you need to use more than one, you
   can run them in any order you wish.

5. To prevent the timeout errors that can happen on some servers during
   database transactions that process thousands of records, the upgrade
   scripts limit themselves to no more than 1000 nodes per run. You should
   simply use your browser's reload or refresh function to re-execute each
   script until it reports that it had zero records to do on its run. The
   scripts are self-limiting, so you won't hurt anything by accidentally
   running it too many times.


DESCRIPTION OF THE UPGRADE SCRIPTS:

update-weblinks-old.php

	This script is to be used for "weblink" nodes created with the OLD
	version of weblink.module, for Drupal versions prior to 4.6. Do NOT
	attempt to use this script with the newer versions of weblink.module
	created by Ber Kessels.

update-weblinks.php

	This script is for the newer "weblink" nodes created with Ber
	Kessels' version of weblinks for Drupal 4.6. Do NOT run this
	script against older versions.

update-webstory.php

	Most people will not need this script; it is provided mainly as an
	example. The webstory.module was a custom node type used only on a
	few web sites. But since it needed to be written, there was no reason
	not to share in hopes that it might be useful as a template for
	others who have custom links-handling modules.
